dashboard.create_fabfile_ctrl,Create Fabfile Permission
dashboard.create_group_ctrl,Create User Group Permission
dashboard.create_idc_ctrl,Create Idc Permission
dashboard.create_permission_handler_ctrl,Create Permission Handler Permission
dashboard.create_server_ctrl,Create Server Permission
dashboard.create_ssh_config_ctrl,Create Ssh Config Permission
dashboard.create_user_ctrl,Create User Permission
dashboard.delete_fabfile_ctrl,Delete Fabfile Permission
dashboard.delete_group_ctrl,Delete User Group Permission
dashboard.delete_idc_ctrl,Delete Idc Permission
dashboard.delete_predefined_script_ctrl,Delete PreDefined Script Permission
dashboard.delete_server_ctrl,Delete Server Permission
dashboard.delete_ssh_config_ctrl,Delete Ssh Config Permission
dashboard.edit_fabfile_ctrl,Edit Fabfile Permission
dashboard.edit_group_ctrl,Edit User Group Permission
dashboard.edit_idc_ctrl,Edit Idc Permission
dashboard.edit_permission_handler_ctrl,Edit Permission Handler Permission
dashboard.edit_server_ctrl,Edit Server Permission
dashboard.edit_ssh_config_ctrl,Edit Ssh Config Permission
dashboard.edit_user_ctrl,Edit User Permission
dashboard.list_fabfile_ctrl,List Fabfile Permission
dashboard.list_group_ctrl,List User Group Permission
dashboard.list_idc_ctrl,List Idc Permission
dashboard.list_permission_ctrl,List Permission Permission
dashboard.list_permission_handler_ctrl,List Permission Handler Permission
dashboard.list_server_ctrl,List Server Permission
dashboard.list_ssh_config_ctrl,List Ssh Config Permission
dashboard.list_user_ctrl,List User Permission
dashboard.show_fabfile_ctrl,Show Fabfile Permission
dashboard.show_logging_ctrl,Show Logging Permission
dashboard.show_permission_ctrl,Show Permission Permission
dashboard.update_permission_ctrl,Update Permission Permission
dashboard.update_user_status_ctrl,Update User Status Permission
operation.create_custom_execute_ctrl,Create Custom Execute Operation
operation.create_fabfile_execute_ctrl,Create Fabfile Execute Operation
operation.create_ping_detect_ctrl,Create Ping Detect Operation
operation.create_power_control_ctrl,Create IPMI Power Control Operation
operation.create_ssh_detect_ctrl,Create Ssh Detect Operation
operation.export_operation_results_ctrl,Export Operation Results Permission
operation.list_operation_ctrl,List Operation Permission
operation.show_operation_ctrl,Show Operation Permission
